Tarot audio.
Music plays
Woo!
I'm on my way from Mexico to Japan
Music plays
Just good booze.
Hello everybody, welcome back to Mel J. On Conference
in Hollywood, California.
I trust that your holidays were glorious.
I know mine was and I know Dan's was.
We've been to Scotland and Dan was in Ireland,
but we're back now with my favorite words.
I get to say one more time, for the first time in 2014,
Harmontown is now in session.
Music plays
Please welcome to the stage the Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Applause
Thank you very much.
Thank you for showing up in such numbers.
I didn't even tweet it.
This is a big event.
You know, Harmontown live audience members,
and not the listeners, I'm just saying,
the people that show up for the live show,
they're very fair weather friends.
Like, they do, they're like,
oh, the show's good again, let's go.
Applause
You remember when I got hired back, they showed up.
Right, I mean, I'm less cynical than you maybe.
I thought this was just because we've been gone for a while.
This was our triumphant return from the United Kingdom.
Alright, maybe they're good people.
Or, I mean, let's be honest everybody,
maybe by a very honest show of applause,
who's here simply because community is back up with Dan Harmon?
Yeah, alright, fine.
Okay, three very honest people and 30 liars.
Yeah, I mean, it wouldn't really make sense for that to be the motivation.
So, you can probably hear from my voice
that I'm a little under the weather,
I caught some kind of Scottish Ebola in Scotland of all places.
Edinburgh, who was wonderful,
couldn't ask for a more beautiful, welcoming city full of joy and delight,
but two guys high-fived my rental kilt,
and one of them gave me fucking barbarian herpes.
This is some old school bubonic, old world microbial fucking...
You got sick like the New Year's Day, I think, right?
Yeah, I was like right after Hogmanie,
which is what they call their New Year's celebration in Edinburgh,
and I kept to myself that night.
I didn't even, I had two glasses of cider because my rental shoes were,
that was the only mistake I made that night.
I couldn't walk around on these fucking wingtips that I got from the kilt rental place.
I should have realized that Scottish people aren't going to wear,
they're not going to dress fancy for Hogmanie.
They'll put their kilt on so that their balls can be cooled
in the nice night air because it's fun to wear a kilt.
But they put on their Doc Martens and their Converse and stuff,
and they run around the cobblestone streets like pigs.
Wow, wonderful pigs.
I'm not saying they're pigs.
I wore my own brogues that night, I brought my own shoes.
To me, renting shoes is like, that's why I don't bowl.
That's fucking, that's no good.
So anyways, the truth is, and I say this without shame,
that's not true, but I spent at least 35 minutes of that New Year's Eve on the toilet.
Like I just sat on the toilet in the stall because it's where I could sit down.
Because my shoes hurt so bad.
I was just a sad little wallflower.
I played my farm game on my phone and everyone in the other room was like,
yeah, it was a room full of Popeyes.
And I touched two people that night that weren't airing.
Also, you were walking around in a pretty chilly Scotland in a kilt.
I don't think that's where illness comes from.
It comes from other people.
I don't think it's not, illness doesn't come from cold.
I was very gregarious and slapped a lot of fives that night.
I didn't get any cold.
There was one guy I remember, I remember him walking by me and he went,
respect!
And high five on the way home.
And that high five, I think some fucking purple monster leapt from his hand to mine
and then jumped into my mouth and laid eggs in my chest.
Jaren is at home right now.
She's not here.
You don't think that she wanted to come here and talk about the events of the New Year's Eve.
She wanted to come here and talk about the events of the holiday.
That's how bad this fucker is.
She's sick, too.
Don't applaud Aaron being sick, you assholes.
That's very rude.
Oh, you mean the new news?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I proposed marriage to Erin McGathy and...
Pressure's off now, man, today.
I was just machine gun farting in bed, like...
Because every time I cough, I fart, too.
Wait, but are you saying...
I'm not doing it on purpose.
I also tip from my...
Because the cough is loud in my head, so I feel like I got away with it.
And then I look over and she's like, what the fuck?
What are you doing?
And then you hold that and you point to her ring and you just keep farting?
Yeah.
Are you saying up until the engagement, you've been...
You've issued some restraint in that...
A couple slipped out.
No, you guys talk about farting all over each other, don't you?
Like, isn't that a thing?
I have farted before, but every time I have, what I've thought is...
A bit of merrier.
So romantic.
Very romantic.
That's what love is.
Now, to take the crowd, if you would, Dan, take us through the...
Now, we get to Scotland.
I thought...
I did not know for certain that you were going to propose.
I figured you were.
I felt like that was in the ether.
Kate, my girlfriend, she had talked to you about it.
She knew, but she didn't tell me.
Well, when Kate and I landed in Scotland, we took different planes,
but we landed in Scotland within minutes of each other.
You guys had just gotten there.
And we landed, and take us through...
From the beginning of the Scotland...
Well, as everyone knows, I'm a big planner.
Like, that's my wheelhouse.
As the show can testify to.
They call me Mr. Forsyte.
They call me Schedule Steve.
Dan stayed up all night thinking of that character now.
Schedule Steve.
I love that you're a writer.
So, I thought, let's embrace that idea.
To marry me is to marry organic chaos.
Not, you know...
Schedule Steve.
Not an Excel spreadsheet, you know?
Yeah, not Schedule Steve.
Don't truck Dan.
That's your Marian.
And I thought, you know what?
You know what's going to turn out is...
It's going to be romantic.
Because, you know, it's not romantic.
It's stress, and anxiety, and planning, and being outside the moment.
Shoot from the hip, baby.
And, you know, we're going to be having a great time,
and I'll just have this ring on me the whole...
All the time, and that way, right at the moment.
This is an idea I got from Jim on the office.
At the right moment, I will bust it out.
It'll be perfect.
So, I have this...
Now, stop. I'm going to pause you there.
Because this is a question I don't actually know.
Did you think in your head there would be a certain day
before Christmas?
We left on the 21st.
Did you...
Landing on the 22nd.
Did you think it would be pre-Christmas,
maybe over-Christmas, maybe...
No, I didn't think about it.
Okay.
All right.
No preconceived notions of what day,
or what would be too late, or too early, or too anything.
No.
I mean, I didn't want...
I probably didn't want to wait until the last day,
but I also knew that whatever.
Okay, gotcha.
All right.
I got my Kettle One Alliance backpack.
Right.
Kettle One sent me a backpack when they welcomed me
into the alliance.
And I'm not...
The story I'm going to tell you is not...
You're going to think that I'm pretending that I had feelings
for this backpack.
I really did.
Before this happened, this was the first backpack I've ever had
that I was like, that's a cool backpack.
Because that's like, who cares about a backpack?
This backpack was cool.
It was a really cool backpack.
It had a microchip in it that if I lost my backpack,
or I assume was kidnapped while drinking Kettle One
by Irish whiskey runners or something,
that Kettle One would pair a troop people in and, you know...
What is the actual purpose of that microchip?
It's like a low jack for your backpack,
a cracker jack.
I mean, that might be the quickest we've ever had a title
for our episode.
So, we got a lot of guests tonight,
so let me rip through this.
So, we're on the plane.
What do you call it? The airplane?
Yeah.
Virgin Atlantic has a bar on its plane in first class.
If there's a bar in any vehicle,
I'm going to spend all my time at it,
because it's just unprincipled.
If you had a bar in your car,
even if it was the least comfortable spot in the car,
I'd be like, I'm at a bar in a car!
You know, when you get on a train and there's a bar car,
and you jam in there, even though it's not going to treat you like shit.
But there's a little tiny bar in a Virgin Atlantic flight,
and I drank for, like, eight hours on the flight.
Erin was starting to feel...
She wasn't up to too much drinking,
and she ate this bacon buddy as we were landing.
Like, this is a bacon sandwich that they make in Europe, somehow.
And apparently, it was kind of bad.
And I got off the plane, like, really at my most charming,
because I got this atom bomb in my backpack
that is instant happiness,
and I just drank on a plane for eight hours,
and I'm arriving at Heathrow Airport,
which is one of the most delightful places you could ever be.
It's just the joy there is palpable.
I have a different relationship with that airport.
No, Heathrow is pretty miserable, but...
So we get on this tram, and, well, so far, we're walking through the airport,
and I'm just like...
Meaning you've flown the ten and a half hours, ten hours to London,
and you have a connector to Edinburgh,
so you're getting your connecting flight.
So I'm doing bits, I'm looking at the sign going,
oh, that guy looks like you've got antlers,
and Erin's like, yeah, well, shut up.
And she went to the bathroom,
and I think she said that she vomited in the bathroom, I think,
and I'm like, oh, baby, it's a bad bacon buddy, yeah.
We get on this tram.
Stop.
What were you going to say?
Nothing.
You were going to say something?
Meaningless question, go ahead.
No, I want to know.
Did she throw up on the plane or in the airport?
I think the airport, I can't remember.
What a dumb question.
Dan, we have a lot of guests, get through this.
I know.
It's like, fucking, this is insane.
And guests that you have to treat right
are they fucking fly the coop, man.
Birds on a wire should be the theme of the night.
We got some humdingers, people that are hard guests.
Tell the story.
All right.
So she's looking kind of queasy,
and I'm on the tram with her,
and I'm still kind of picking and grinning,
and what does that expression mean?
You're a banjo player, apparently.
But Aaron's not looking too good.
I start rubbing her back on the tram,
and she's like, can you stop rubbing my back?
And these trams are chock full of people.
They're jams with people.
Yeah, jammed up.
A 10-minute tram from one terminal to the other.
Yeah, we're just standing there holding the doohickeys,
the handles, people, everyone's standing up.
There's a standing room only.
We're swaying and moving,
and Aaron says, can you please stop rubbing my back?
Which, that's pretty nauseous
when someone, you know, comfort is now making you sick.
So she gets this look on her face
at a certain point that is unmistakable,
and I instinctively, not consciously,
because I loved this backpack.
Instinctively.
Before I knew what I was doing,
I had muscles in my arms,
years of college and bad improv troupe parties,
and had muscle memories.
Unzip the first zipper on the backpack,
hold it wide open just as she leaned into it,
and firehosed probably eight quarts of...
What do you call it?
Vomit into the backpack,
which again, and this is the poetic tragedy of it,
it's such a good backpack that it holds it
like a waterproof bucket.
This isn't some jagged off Garfield knapsack
that your mom stuck you with.
This isn't some bullshit for your pencils.
This thing has a computer in it.
It's the night writer of backpacks.
It holds shit, literally,
and it's deep, but not a drop hits the floor.
And by the way, shout out to the Cosmopolitan community
at the London Heathrow Airport.
Everybody just totally, not in New York,
kind of callous way, nothing against New York.
You do what you do to survive
when somebody has something to happen on a subway.
But just in this sort of like,
yeah, we all get it,
everyone at London Heathrow is from way somewhere else
and has been through all kinds of stuff, I assume.
And if they haven't,
just the environment kind of dictates that you feel that way.
There was no gawking and there was no chiding
and there was no, a couple of people moved away
out of politeness.
And then one guy was standing right next to me
right at the end of it, like a real subtle move,
just pulls out a little disposable Kleenex pack
and offers it to Erin and she says thank you
and dabs her thing and the tram stops
and I've got a backpack full of vomit
and now I realize my house key is in there.
My iPad mini is in there.
And the ring.
So we get off the tram and we go to a bathroom.
In situations like this where you find out there are bathrooms
where you never would have known there was a bathroom,
I don't think anyone had been to this bathroom.
If you're at the grocery store and you have to pee all of a sudden
you're in some weird bathroom next to the eggs.
Because I had a backpack full of puke,
I found a long lost bathroom at Heathrow Airport
under a stairway or something.
And I open it up and it's, you use your own imagination.
But it's like, and I'm going like,
Erin's in the women's room, she's like,
she's going are you all right?
And I'm like yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm in a stall
and I'm like fuck, fuck.
I can hear her, she's calling out to me.
And I know where the house key is.
And it's six feet down, you know?
And I'm just like, fuck.
I just got to thrust my hand in and pull out the key
and put that down on the top of the toilet paper
just in front of the chair.
I'm like okay, now we got to find my precious.
And we can be certain that in there, part of it is a bad bacon buddy.
As a bacon roll, like yeah, it's not good.
She didn't just have cream of wheat.
It's bad news then.
What is this?
Spike and Mike's Twisted Animation Festival?
You want to talk about the puke?
I'm just trying to paint a picture.
Were there carrots in it?
That's not Ed McMahon territory.
Don't tell me how to be a comptroller.
Everyone in the room could fill in their own puke blanks
about the actual substance.
In the history of the earth, there's never been pleasant vomit.
What does he have for breakfast?
So then I reach in and I get out the ring box.
I rinse everything off and she can hear me going fuck, fuck, fuck.
She thinks I'm just mad at her for ruining the backpack
but of course I'm mad because I'm getting puke all over my hands
because there's stuff in there.
Also, I'm kind of thinking in my head,
well now, even if I fuck up the proposal, there's still a story.
So it was kind of a good thing.
I remember in my head thinking this is actually working out
except I'm losing the backpack.
And I know for sure, he threw up a airport of all places
to put a, just take a backpack, a brand new backpack
and there was one tiny trash can that was smaller than the backpack
and I just kind of tried to get it in there but just left it.
Can you imagine after I got out of whatever plane,
there must have been like a bomb squad for sure,
like circling this thing.
Two, three, go, go, go, give me a report.
And then the guy comes up and opens it and goes like, ugh.
So that happened and then I proposed on the muddy banks of the Loch Ness lock.
Yeah.
But the puke, that's the story.
The story, yeah.
Because I fucked up, I kept walking around with the ring.
So because I'm walking around with this ring,
because I'm burdened with creating this special moment,
I'm just burdened, I'm putting it on myself.
The dumbest thing I could have done, it turns out.
All the anxiety, all of the stress,
if I had just planned something,
I could have just spent the rest of the time,
put the ring on top of the dresser at the hotel room
or arrange with Kate to have her hold it.
I could have done a million things to just relax during the trip,
but because I want to play it organic and be Jim from the office,
I'm walking around with this lump in my pocket
and every time Aaron tries to hold my hand in a certain way,
put it in my pocket, I'm like slapping her hand away.
She's like, this is the worst trip ever.
A boyfriend hates me.
There was one time when she started rubbing my thigh
in the backseat of the car, and at that point,
that morning I had gone, you know what, fuck the box.
The box probably still has puke on it.
It's really hard to hide.
It's a giant box.
I'm just going to take the ring and carry it around in my pocket.
And then Aaron started rubbing my thigh in the back of the car
very romantically, and I grabbed her hand,
like all aspergery, like grabbed her hand,
and you're like, is this what you want?
You want me to hold your hand?
Is that why you're rubbing it on me?
And she just looked at me, and I don't know,
what can you say?
What can you do?
Then I went to dinner with her.
I was like, okay, let's do a nice dinner.
This is our first night in Edinburgh, right?
We go to a decent place, but it's too shitty and cheesy.
It's like a TGA Fridays.
I'm not going to propose to her here.
But Aaron's bringing these presents,
and somehow the lie became that I had a present for her.
But this is after Christmas.
Christmas had already passed at this point.
We're back in Edinburgh.
Yes, so she's anxious, but she hadn't given me her.
My Christmas present chat.
I don't have any Christmas presents for her.
All I have is a ring.
But you said we're going to do our presents later,
because you didn't exchange presents on Christmas Eve
or Christmas because of this?
I didn't plan anything.
I said at one point, every time Christmas presents came up,
I was like, we don't have to do that now.
There was never a good time to open presents.
This is not an important part of the conversation.
I would have gone with Christmas.
Seems like a good time for presents.
So we go to a restaurant, and then I'm getting mad at her
because she's trying to give me Christmas presents.
I'm like, can't we do that later?
And she's like, no, I really want to do it now.
And I rip open one, and it's like a keychain finder.
And I'm like, well, we're going to do this again.
Because we already tried this, and these things don't work.
And she's like, what?
Why am I sorry I got you Christmas presents?
And I'm like, I don't know.
What's the next one?
HD spy camera pen?
Fuck off.
Check, please.
Let's just get out of here.
And she's like, what is happening?
What is going on?
I don't know.
You know what it sounds like to me?
It sounds like you became Schedule Steve.
Yeah.
I atoned with that.
So we went out walking in the night air at that boat.
I was like, OK, this time I'm going to do it.
We had a nice walk.
You guys went into the restaurant.
I'm like, I'm going to talk to Erin over here.
And I took her.
It was pitch black, so I'm squishing around on the mud.
It was absolute darkness on the bank.
The next day, we would see that 30 yards away,
there was a perfect spot to propose.
OK, there was a place designed to feed Nessie out of your hand
where swans would circle you and hummingbirds would pick
the wax out of your ears.
I did it by the wood chipper.
There really was a couple of fallen trees and a tractor.
Like a sign for iron brew or something.
A broken fence.
It doesn't matter, because I'm a catch.
So my proposal doesn't have to be amazing.
My marriage will be amazing.
All right, let's get our cavalcade of guests up here.
Wait real quick, real quick.
Before we do, what did she say?
She's going to do it.
She's going to give it a shot.
All right, let's bring out our guests.
Let's bring Mitch Hurwitz up first.
From back there, it almost sounded as if you brought Jeff
with you to propose to your girlfriend.
Is that at all possible?
I did kind of.
Why were you together?
What was the plan?
We're inseparable.
No, we had planned a long time ago to go on this Scottish vacation
together for the holidays as a...
It's really weird.
Would you ever travel with my family?
Would you ever be game for that?
I actually have.
We were in St. Martin together a couple of years ago.
That's why I know you.
Have you already proposed to your wife, Mitch?
Because Jeff's got some pointers.
I have, unfortunately.
Wait, what's that about?
You told me I should have done it on Christmas.
No, I opened the gifts on Christmas.
Oh, open the gifts on Christmas?
I thought you said I would have done it on Christmas.
I would have proposed it on Christmas.
You said there's no good time to open the gifts.
I proposed to my wife on Hanukkah, so it was like an eight day.
I serialized it.
She kind of saw it coming around day six.
I kept saying, you'll see.
No presents.
Any advice for newlyweds?
Oh, newlyweds.
You know, it's funny.
I was in New York.
I have a very good friend who works at the Kettle One
backpack tracking center.
And just for fun, I said, bring up Dan Harmon.
And we went off of the grid, apparently, somewhere in Heathrow.
We lost you.
We couldn't figure out why.
Yeah, that backpack is now deep under whatever the MI6.
Yeah, our guys went out there and they couldn't find it.
But we picked you up with a keychain tracker.
We got you in Scotland.
Dan, why weren't you pleased with the spy pen?
Did she give you a spy pen camera?
I was in a tailspin because I didn't know when to propose
to my girlfriend and how to do it.
And was now, somehow, I had brought this jam box, OK?
I re-gifted the jam box because I was just going to,
so I would have a Christmas gift.
We were going to exchange Christmas gifts in Scotland.
Well, she puked on the jam box, too.
And after the puking thing, I gave her the jam box and said,
well, here, you carry this now.
That's your Christmas present.
Because I had no backpack anymore.
There was no more way to walk around with all my little ruses
and a little Willy Wonka trick bag.
Were you nervous?
I got very nervous before I proposed.
And my whole plan was, well, actually, I kind of,
I ended up, I was halfway through a metaphor.
And I realized I had to abandon it.
But it's a better story if I didn't, which was that I started to say,
like, I really started to think, like, you know,
sometimes you have to shit or get off the pod.
I'd like to take that shit with you.
Really almost. And actually, I remembered thinking,
you know, this, we've been in this relationship for a long time,
and she understands that this has been hard for me.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to say,
this is a ring just to get us started.
Just totally misguided, you know.
But it was going to be, this will just kind of, you know,
and then we'll experience what it's like to be
and we'll take our time and we'll see if it,
and then, of course, when I was there and proposing,
it just, it all tumbled out.
I want to have children with you.
I want my children to look like you.
I want you in my life forever.
I, when I, I just, if that's a waterfall,
mine was just a fucking gridlock.
I just, and I ended up, like, the part of the gridlock
that was moving, the John McClain that got out of one car
and walked along the roofs, was me talking about the ring
and being like, oh, I wanted to get the one you wanted,
but that's the shopping.
I'm like, I haven't asked you to marry me yet
and I'm like fucking talking about the fucking ring
of idiot, idiot, idiot.
Yeah, and then you get the proposal out and you realize,
oh, wait, there's another step.
You do kind of feel like, ah, that's done.
Oh, and you're, are you game or do you want to,
you want to assume, I assume.
Yeah, I fucked up and I fucked up,
but it's okay because I'm a fuck up.
Why not?
This is, and I think, you know, first of all,
the first wives are, well, I don't want to say that.
No, they have to, they understand that the, you know.
But they, I think it's fantastic.
I really do.
It's the second wife that really gets the,
that really, that scoreboard at the stadium.
Where did the music come from?
I talked to the guy.
I know the guy.
This isn't my first time on the rodeo, honey.
Will you marry me?
But in the middle of an actual...
Abracadabra!
How did you get the rodeo clowns to stop?
I know everybody here.
How did you, how did you fit the ring in your penis?
And have it come out?
Well, I, I, apparently, that this might be apocryphal,
but we, you might know this comedy writer
who proposed to someone by putting that up as Anus.
What?
Yeah.
And said, I think in the chat, Dino?
Dino's first husband.
No, I, I can't, I can't...
Well, this doesn't go any further.
No, I, I can't, I can't, I can't.
What is his name where I'm with?
Maybe we better bring him out.
Harris Wittels is here tonight.
Good.
Hi, hello.
If you wanna, if you, if you wanna pretend it's not you, that's fine.
I thought that was Urban Legend, but that's true.
Yeah, you know who it is?
Yeah.
I think it's true.
Well, what was the, within the Urban Legend,
what is the motivation?
Was it humor or sexual?
It was humor.
Yeah, like, aren't I interesting?
And, and you know...
Apparently...
And she apparently didn't see it as a warning, a big warning.
It's good.
Young ladies, please.
You don't need this much interesting in your life.
It's a good final test.
Is this writer still alive?
Yes.
Okay.
I mean, there was some, some anal hemorrhage.
That's what you're asking?
Yeah.
There was some internal bleeding.
I mean...
It's a diamond ring.
Was it?
I guess my question is, was it square cut, marquee, pear?
What, what, what?
I think it was missing a baguette when it came.
I don't know.
Ugh.
I feel like shit.
Do you guys want to talk about something funny for me?
Do you feel bad?
Do you feel...
I feel terrible.
I told, I got Scottish, like, I don't know what the hell you'd call it.
I woke up the day after New Year's and it was like, like that, that, that, that cold,
sharp, like little feeling in your chest.
And you can just feel it, like, like, exponentially, like, spreading.
You know, this is going to be a doozy.
And then Aaron kept, I'm going to throw her under the bus because she's not here.
Let's have kids.
Because she's so fucking sick.
And when are we going to buy a house together?
I started saying, like, I could feel something bad coming out.
And she's like, knock it off.
Just, just say you're not sick.
Save it till you get home.
And I'm like, this isn't one of those.
This is like a thing.
And now she's, so, I love you honey.
Sitting at home right now with her.
She's got it too.
Yeah.
She, she, she, when we got to Ireland, she, she woke up the next day and was like,
And I was, I was like, boo, yeah.
My legs hurt from basketball.
Yeah.
Do you, do you, do you, are you one of these guys that plays with Garry Shandling?
No, I wanted to be, I was invited by someone, by someone that we know.
And I thought, and she was like, it's, it's comics.
It'll be fun.
I was immediately worried that I was going to have to be very funny during this game.
That's what I was worried about.
But then I got there and no one was joking around and everyone was very mad at me for not,
it was full court.
They're like, you fucking get back on D.
And I was like, I thought this was fun.
I thought we were comics.
What are we doing?
I can't, I can't get back on D.
So I quit.
I just walked off it.
You did really?
Did you?
I was like, I can't, I can't keep up with you guys there.
It's like comedy store guys.
So they're good looking and funny.
Yeah.
The comedy store guys are legidarily handsome.
The new breed of comedy store comic is, yeah.
I think they fall in like, they ain't cooked.
Right.
Cause they had to have a Myspace profile with a shirt off or something.
So they are very good looking.
Yeah.
The comic's was Dom, was Dama Rara there?
That's what I'm talking about.
And he's the guy that stuck the wedding ring in his ass.
This is not.
No, it's not.
It's not.
It doesn't sound like the tallest team.
It was, yeah.
They were all, I was shocking.
It was like they, it was ringers from, like, Space Jam.
I don't, I don't understand that, that, that I don't, I don't know if I'm jealous or resentful
or angry or intimidated.
I thought for once I'm gonna not only do drugs on the weekend
Right, and I'm gonna go play basketball, and I was like this is why I chose my path
Yeah, I sports I mean fuck you yeah fuck you
Like like sports has anyone in this room ever lived longer by playing sports? No
No
There is nobody point. They're all exactly the age they are
Do you think by now we would have fit really legitimately figured out like like like like if that if you dribbled a basketball
More than another guy that you're fucking here. Do you still get the cancers in the has anybody here died of cancer because of sports?
Nobody
It's just it's pretty random man like my family's a bunch of hillbillies, you know
They they they just live random distances
Murder each other it really is because because guys in in utero are flooded with testosterone
We don't develop like I was just reading something about how women check little girls check faces all the time and boys don't
No, yeah, yeah, we're not so do you think do you think if I played sports that I would
Because I played softball for the starburn softball team
Maybe I did do you think do you think that I would I would yell less
I would like get I would have less did you really believe that you can channel like a certain amount of rage
Energy, I think you'd be I think you'd be less funny. I think you know what I mean. I think you would I think it would come out
You're funny though
Yeah, we walked off probably don't play you don't play I play drums and people are like that's where you get your age out
But it's like that has nothing to do with that and also musicians are all assholes, too
Everyone stays angry always. I guess is my point
Was there anybody on the court you don't have to name names
But was there anybody that was a really good basketball player and also somebody you thought was very funny
It was no because it was a lot of like newer calm
That's not an insult. I just haven't seen a lot. I don't hang out at the store a lot. So it was a lot of guys comics
I haven't seen the store
It's like it's like a fashion runway now over at the store. Yeah, it's not being about the jokes
It's just about the fun. It's about how you look. Yeah. Yeah, it's just just beefcake comedy
They should call it the they should call it the beefcake store
Hey, so what do you what's the plan? We kind of buried the lead here
What are you gonna do about the wedding and what are you thinking about that?
I don't know. We've been having no, no, we haven't set a date. We have to have a preliminary discussion about
About you know first thing I got to rule out is the possibility of a truly conceptual wedding
Because if we're gonna have one of those then you know, maybe equipment needs to be commissioned
Yeah, isn't the point of an engagement that you can push off having to think about the wedding for a while
That's what I thought it was
Hey, we're engaged. We don't have to get married. I think you got to start a long time. I think you got to start uh, I
Don't know looking at stuff pretty quickly. You should have a community themed wedding, but make it about the port and Weissman year
Grosso, sorry. Yeah
Just everything from that year
Yeah, well I just you know you can say well I just seemed arrogant to make it about my own yeah
But I've got all these great contacts
Dan will work on the show. Were you saying that you said you want to rule out a high concept wedding?
No, I'm saying like that's the first thing that needs to be eliminated before we say book us your
Nice place to get married. That's just a pretty place to get married
I first all want to continue to talk to Aaron. We're workshopping in conversations about hydraulics and things
You know, we may need to rent an airplane hangar if we want to do something special
Whoo, and then you're there a big celebrity doesn't show up and you get like Terry Bradshaw. Yeah
Everybody I know has ever done a show have you been on a show where you I just heard that he is
Booked on my friend show. Yeah, I my friend Lou Schneider years ago worked on Raymond and everybody was Raymond
And he said to me we're getting Michael Jordan. I said great. Say hi to Terry Bradshaw
Two weeks later, and he said you're not gonna believe he's on stage
Terry Bradshaw you actually called it. Yeah, I like doing that with not recently but older McConaughey movies
Or I'm like I wonder who they went who were the first four guys
I
Booked two jobs at least maybe three when the guy because a lot of people have to pass before I get a job and
What's his name of the the quarterback from Jerry McGuire?
No, no Jerry McConnell
push-lash
When Jerry McConnell passes, that's when I have start having a chance
Jerry
Whatever the fuck is easy be trained now is he used to do the show Jerry O'Connell. I didn't do it. No. No, no, sorry
Sorry, no, no, no, of course not. No, no, of course not. I'm
What show?
Sorry, that was I was called the Jeff Davis show. Oh, Jesus Christ. I was it was it didn't go anywhere six episodes
The I
Met I met Jerry O'Connell. I was just walking around with him for an afternoon that I think it was the
The Emmy Awards it just ended up like about the creative arts Emmys and I was just walking around with him and he was
Have you ever met him? No, but we're just walking on these old railroad tracks
Yeah, you want to see a body that wasn't you
We all think we were doing that
Was he in standby me? Yeah. Yeah, he was that he was the fat kid at stand by me son of a bitch
I it was between me and no, and I was and what's his name?
Fucking Star Trek guy
It was between it was up to me him me will wait to think one other guy for that role and I was I was so young
It's such a terrible terrible like a real yeah
I know we all were in the room together. I forgot that Jerry O'Connell was in that motherfucker, too
I was so far I was not in any place to be in that movie Jeff also auditioned for the part
In Monster Squad you you you read the line. Oh, yeah, I was watching Monster Squad
I remember seeing the movie like this sounds to me. I read the line wolf man has nerds
That was in the audition
That's why you didn't get the part because of the line is wolf man's got nerds, but you were like well the wolf man has marks
Yes, I used to be from Transylvania
I have terrible heartburn. Let's bring out Kumail Nanjiani
There's there's too many celebrities on this stage right now. Yeah, yeah
Oh, this is ruining the podcast for me. I listen I every episode. I think yeah, I can't listen to this one now
What's one week is fucked because I'm in it like once you're here
You're getting a lot of comments or attitude right now
It's like Camille's here that Russian guy is probably here
It's like Oz
Yeah, no, I can't listen to it because I well when I'm on it
I can't listen to it. What do you call by the way? You're gonna hate this. He's a great guy
He's got like this delightful canine personality like he's just yeah, he reminds me of that sounds punitive like like because dogs are lower life
forms, I don't mean like
The thing that you he just has this like like abundant energy. He's fun unconditional love
I think I think he actually came to my birthday party one time
I have I wait he was trying to replace you at your birthday
Fucking no car
Jerry Minor our friend was on a show was on carpoolers with him and they just showed up and we but he was a nice this guy
I got no no no handsome enough to be a comedy store comedian
Wait, you're saying he's UCB now. He's an improviser. He's strange. He's coming after me at all fucking angles right now
That's what's going on. God damn it
He's gonna be the Comptroller of Hurwitz town
Hurwiburg I fucking please do that. Please have Jerry O'Connell and you do a podcast
But have it just be about taking mine down like that's all you ever talk about is and how great the season four of community is
Constantly quoting it
My mom sent me a Facebook message apologizing for saying she liked season four
Because she read in it some interview. Oh, wow that I threw her into the bus
Did you say you don't remember is saying that because you got Changnesia?
Season four reference that was very quickly swept under the rug
Unceremoniously literally he could have looked into the camera and gone. No, that was a bunch of bullshit. I
Thought it was great
Well, it wasn't out of judgment for any any any of the cannon it was just out of
Judgment for the the tonnage of it like we just had to like I had to get things back on track
And I'm very excited for next week's episode. I thought the first episode was so great
Yeah, yeah guys, thanks. Thanks. Hey
Thanks guys
I don't know how to check a couple of us see that. Well, that was yeah, yeah
You turn into a terrible SNL audition
I wish Chevy Chase walked out during that applause that would have been the greatest thing
We can get Chevy on the show now right now. It's now. It's okay on this show. Yeah, you said you don't want it, right?
Well, I know I want to see this welcome here. Ah-ha-ha-ha
There's no recollection I like
We had Lorraine Newman on you haven't had Chevy on that's hilarious
Well, I don't have a lot of community people on because I want to reserve the right to complain when when gossip articles
Attributes the shows
hilarious antics to you know
The but whatever that's dumb because people are gonna do what they want. So I should have I should have the gang come down
Yeah, I thought the actors felt they've always been fantastic, but they felt like re-energized. Yeah
I mean, they're so goddamn it. They work so hard. They're so and they're so loyal so dedicated. I'm really excited about what?
Donald Glover's what that thing's gonna be not to bring it. Yeah, I think if I was done editing it and I could tell you
I could give it a letter grade for you, but I have no idea
I mean, I know it's like like at the end of the episode where he leaves here did like like
tears everywhere like uncontrollably. It's unavoidable
but
I'm gonna make it funny though. Just I would just cut that stuff out. Don't worry about it
Can I say something just sort of change the topic you're getting I was
You're getting married and that's very exciting and I don't want to so I was at I just want to tell you this quick story
It's incredibly ominous beginning of the story
Well, I'm just really hoping that Emily's not here anymore because we were at her house for Christmas and her mother
Lahu I love it as a wonderful woman
insisted that LeBron James was Kanye West
during a basketball game
The LeBron was seeing the two of them in a room together. So wait. She said she's thought that
He has an alter ego like that. No, she was like that's Kanye West and his stats were up
So I was like not only did you think Kanye plays in the NBA, but also that he shocked 60% from the field
What was there's a Delante West in the NBA who had sex with LeBron James's mother, which is great
Is that confirmed? That's a great story. Yeah confirmed. Otherwise, it'd be fighting words
That's how you know
Stop talking about sports. Oh
Okay, she also
They were talking about fucking they were talking about fucking it's about fucking bro
She also referred to Will Smith as Jada Pinkett's husband
She's like, what was that movie that Jada Pinkett's husband? We were like Will Smith?
I think she's the most feminist racist of all time
Even Jada's mom is like I was hanging out with Will Smith's wife
Did you watch David Blaine show magic to the Smith family? No, no where he
No, yeah, that was fantastic. They speaking of tears they he did one trick and it made all of the Smiths cry
Literally Jada was crying Jaden was crying. Did he make Donald Glover? They believe in magic
And now Donald Glover is gone
Just it always gets them
I like the one always gets cheers. I saw a clip that someone sent me on YouTube for some reason
Yeah, yeah, he's in Harrison Ford's kitchen and he pulls a thing out of an orange and Harrison Ford just tells him to fuck off
Which is kind of like air force
My wife my kids
the
Do you guys have any opinion about buffet roast beef like like the way that it's
Left by the way big opinions big opinions over there Tyler just left
I was I was talking to Aaron about this and this is the one note. I came back with from Europe
I was just looking at my every note thing. That's the one thing I wrote said roast beef in a buffet is for grown-ups
I don't I feel very uncomfortable when you go up and there's a guy with the hat and the
And then and then he's like like what what what would you like?
Why haven't you finished before I got here?
Well, you have to kind of pretend that what he's doing takes some real skill
Just that one little Pete that just exact same quarter-inch. You're slicing for everything. Wow. Thank you. Nice. Well, so Dan
You won't be surprised to know that I grew up in a family that has prime rib buffet opinions
Like my mom and dad would actually say I would rather get give me that part
Give me that probably they come out and go
I want that one to this or that they have names for it
But sometimes there's chicken or turkey and they go like you want white meat or dark meat. I don't know what the fuck you're talking
About man. I don't work under that hood. Just feed me
I'm a writer
Different kinds of meat and the same animal. I don't know white meat is way better and I'm not that's well
That's inaccurate. I didn't oh you like brown. I didn't mean to start this go down this road
But white meat is dry and shitty. Oh fuck out. No get the fuck out of my kitchen. I
Think I think they're confused because I think in a lot of Indian restaurants. They have
Thanksgiving I just get like the stuffing and the mac and cheese like I don't even I secretly like people people are always like
You go try the turkey or spend all the time on the turkey. Good. Fuck you tough titties for spending time on turkeys
So you weren't eating turkey on Thanksgiving and someone said maybe you should try the turkey and then you got mad
Have the turkey on Thanksgiving. Yeah, you started by saying this is this is a European UK thing
Is that the first time you've encountered the guy in the house? No, I was just talking to Aaron about it
So I thumbed it into my phone because she was bewildered. She's like, what are you talking about roast beef is grown-up food?
What does that mean you're 41 and I was like, yeah
But it's just like I just my brain shuts off when I see that the cutting board with the juice and the yeah
There's like a half-cut shank of something and the guy's like like he's gonna cut the meat for you
And you're gonna participate and it's just it's so it's so I don't like the locals to do where they act like they're like
hooking you up
I always feel like like like like like it's possible to do it wrong
I got because because because it would be it's so absurd to answer honestly. What would you like I?
roast beef
What are you talking about?
yell that at him
Roast beef I want I think I'm not anymore not like this
I don't I don't
You don't live in that hood. It's like close-up magic or something all of a sudden. It's like like
They're thinking well, what's your birthday? What kind of like you want to hear a story about three kings?
Why didn't they cut it before I got there? I already
Yeah, it's very good roast beef. Well Taylor shanters one of my favorites. That's a laurie. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, so that's I'll say I'd like you to just cut a hole right in the middle. I just want this
I'll just point at his leg give me that
I've been vegetarian forever when I was a kid. I found out that I like the the end of it because it's the salty part
Yeah, they put all the seasonings but you can't you can't just say to that guy you can't it's right over there
That's why he's asking to give me the edge give me the top give me the thing
You can say I'll see well that just confirms my suspicion that there's all this but it's like getting into a flight simulator
Give me the edge give me the top that would be a cool proposal though is put the ring in the fucking
Yeah, I like hey get the top. Yeah, you have to tell the top she wants the top
I didn't I took till I was like 35 years old to come to terms with the fact that
It's it's hair cuttings fault that I'm intimidated when I sit in that chair like as a science
It's a it's a dumb. It's a dumb activity
getting my hair cut and
When I sit in the chair and someone's got a pair of scissors
Obviously, I want my hair shorter
I don't know how else to say it and I don't I don't this isn't a ticket that I wanted to buy and I don't
I don't have a headshot of someone that I want to look like and I don't I don't I don't know the terminology
Not above my left ear
Feather feather the doofus and put a put a put a duck tail on the
Widows peak I would love it if there's an episode of community this season where Jeff is like what the fuck is it with haircuts and
I
Just it's so intimidating the conversation you don't like that you don't like I don't like the feeling that I'm like cutting things
Is that no no it's it's that it's that moment of exchange between you and some kind of threshold guardian or
Expert a professional a professional across but but but but someone who hasn't adopted as part of their craft
Meeting you halfway as a layman someone someone who because they cut people's hair who do care about hair terminology when you go
I I don't know they're like
Why don't you know you monster
Where do you get your haircut just make it look like me about two months ago? Yeah, that is actually what I said
Yeah, he gets his hair cut at Dick's last resort
But I finally just started saying my answer to the question now is I just tell him about my average day I go
Let me tell you how this is gonna work like no matter what you do in here. Here's how I'm gonna treat my hair
I'm gonna go to sleep. I'm gonna wake up and go to work. I so I drive with the windows down. You need to know that
It's not gonna get washed until the next time you see me
I
Just make it short amazing. We don't have wigs, you know
Not like the feather not the powdered wigs that people used to wear but I could totally see a Los Angeles wear
Like you're wearing the Tom Cruise
You know what I mean, and then just I'm wearing the Indian restaurant
I'm wearing the Dama Rara. You've got this
I got the Seth Meyer
I was gonna get that I was gonna get the Seth Meyer
Well, we can't all we can't all have the Seth Meyer bitch. You know what I mean like everyone with like cars like there's six kinds
The only reason you can see my ears is because as an actor
I played like doctors and cops and shit like that if I if I weren't an actor I'd have I look like Tom Kiefer from Cinderella
I had fuck I've had fucking big like keep Keith Richard Altamont hair that that's that's what I would have
But what is the Cinderella thing you just Tom Kiefer is a lead singer of Cinderella. Oh the band. Yeah, okay
Yeah, look him up. He's got fuck. Yeah, that's what most people think when they hear Cinderella
The band we grew up with we love this
The true Cinderella fans know who I'm talking about yeah, I'm sure they
Cinderella by the way fucking if they play go fucking see him because they'll kick your dick in through your that doesn't sound
I think I saw them where do they do the Main Street Electrical Parade because I saw I think I saw who you're talking about
They were big light blue who dresses right and there's usually a bear or some sort of animal walking from just kicking the dick
Into every little kid you shit out you shit out your own dick and they serve a primary up that will just
Is there an extra mic back there because it would be nice to bring Steve A. G. out
I saw him in the green room. Is he still here?
No, don't Mitch Steve A. G.
No, that's where Spencer's gonna sit. Just let Steve Hover. I think they're gonna
Share I I hope you didn't think I came just assuming I didn't know
Here
Podcast and though was hanging out. No, no, I didn't I didn't I don't I don't when I see people in the green room
I don't go they want to be on the show. I just I it's my choice. Okay, I'm back and I'm sick
I don't I'm not very charismatic. So I thought I thought let's just bring up a mental rush more of of
Apparently you say you're sick though, but you got pretty pretty vehement and emotional during that
That's probably how it comes out. Well, I just yeah, I mean I have iron
I'm just gonna sit here so you can have that seat until
That buffet that we went to we were driving back from Inverness were Loch Ness's and we're driving back down to Edinburgh
We stopped at a place called House of Brewer, which is like the outlet mall for Scottish things and it was that was a good buffet
Like like they got french fries right at a buffet the chips. They were fucking off the deep
I was sitting out in the cold and Aaron Aaron wanted to get didn't like her foods that she wanted to get a sandwich
I got mad at her because I felt like my mommy abandoned me and the cold is freezing. I know it's really romantic
It's gonna, you know, I'm a great great husband
But I was like and then I was kind of like are you left me out here you search your sandwich you barely
And then I I like I was taking my tray and I I I went up to the door
And I was opening it and then the Diet Coke that was on the tray toppled off and I went I went goddamn it
Like that and and and I was it was such a disturbance to the European old world
Melanus like all these guys and there's a little checkered checkered flat caps damage
This is this this but this guy this guy right right next to where I did it
Like he's sitting with his wife eating his chips and eat and I said god damn it
I started picking up the coke bottle and I and I and I without looking at him
I just said I said sorry and and and and and he said it's all right
It can't be helped
Oh
At an American buffet, it's just people throwing handfuls of noodles and yelling god damn it
If you've been to the soup plantation, that's all it is people fighting for a last potato when I was broke in college
I used to go to the soup plantation at the Beverly connection
Which I think is gone now across from the Beverly Center and I would I would just eat there for free
I would just kind of steal my way in I would go in and you walk normally you get a plate go to the salad bar walk
And you pay and walk into the inner sanctum where there's pizzas and mutton cameo. Would you grab a fucking sorry?
I can't find a spot to be at when I'm not blocking someone. So this is good. This is good. Oh, no, no, no, no keep it
Thank you, Adam. Thank you
Okay
What I used to do is I would go in there and I would just walk past them with a book and I would go in and I would find
Somebody who had left with an empty like there was like like the empty plates
And I just sit there and read my book for a while
And they would come up and say more iced tea because it would be like a nice teeth and I go sure thing and and
Then after about a half hour I get up and I would just resume eating
And I went there so smart at the system
I went I went there so often I knew they're all of their names and they knew my name and they would give me a little
Like to go, but we made some fresh cookies Jeff here. You are and I stopped stealing from soup plantation because I felt bad
I went there the other day and Jerry O'Connell was hanging out
God damn what what's a soup plantation a play on have you thought about that for more it feels like it's racist
Sounds racist. Yeah, I mean we hear that. Well, they took out the cotton bar. They used to have a whole thing
You would pick your pick your pick your own male
Yeah, they would weigh your bag and if it wasn't big enough, you know
That's actually what did used to happen
It's nice by the way to come back to our melting pot country. I don't I don't I don't doubt that there are parts of I mean
I know having been to London that that's you wouldn't yeah, that's
You know, you're like in New York or LA. They're terms of ethnic cross-section, but but other parts of UK man
You're like in Scotland. I saw absolutely four black people. You know, we were there for two weeks
I say with shame I fucking counted because it was weird when I saw black person there
It was it was exhilarating because I was like, holy shit. You're the you're not named Craig
It's like it's like it was very exciting. Not only is it wonderful to just see a bunch of brown faces again, but it's also all that you know
It's also nice to see all of the all of the mutts
White faces like like all of us of European descent
We're still all fucking snaggled and like like like mixed up and like like like over there
They're like they look like like action figures of British people like they there's a
You can kind of feel the the the the inbreeding
Yeah, like any group any group that stays kind of homogenous. Yeah, I don't want to yeah
I don't want to say there's some big dudes in Scotland. There's some fucking. I'm just shy of six four
There's some giant motherfuckers out there. Oh, we went into a pub where people must have been next to some put the shark-punching factory
And then there was they were on lunch break
Speaking of house of brewery at the buffet thing the night before
Well, actually no come on sport. We picked up kilts to wear over over Hockman a and New Year's Eve
I what does Hockman a mean? Is it like a pink thing?
No, I'm not doing a bit
I would it's a it's a Scott's Kelt word. I think for for their New Year's celebration
We got kilts we rented them and it only occurred to me like after we'd rented them actually right before we'd rented them
You're renting a piece of fabric where you're not allowed to wear underwear like properly
So I was like, oh, you see your dicks gonna be rubbing up against the front of a thing that has been rubbed against countless dicks
But I thought no, so you're sitting down on something like like that's just countless assholes on that
We're worried about the asshole. Yeah, and none of that occurs to me. Also, and you might be wearing it backwards
Which is really well I wore it sideways. Well, when you wear clothes, it's not like your asshole is rubbing on the clothes, right?
You know, I'm just saying you sit down. You have an Audi. You have a naked
Yes, I do
I'm saying I'm saying naked naked ass against the against that old saying if you're gonna rent a Kelt wear it sideways. Yeah
My girlfriend is Scottish and she insisted that you you cannae wear knickers. Unless you're a pussy
And so so I'm so we're not wearing it
We've been you didn't wear yours in the morning of it in Vanessa, but Matt MacGorley and I we flashed her
She said you got to go out to Loch Ness and flash your balls at
At that Nessie I go. Oh, so we did it. We took a picture of us flashing our
Really just me and Matt Gurley my friends in seventh grade just flashing our Nessie's gonna look a lot like my dad in the bushes
But we did that I
Said like there's people like there's families kind of near us not facing our dicks and balls
But like like around I'm like is that kind of a corny like touristy thing that they're just like no
I did that. I just made that up. So we did that
But we I was I'm driving back the three-hour ride from Inverness back to Edinburgh
We stop at House of Brewer to get lunch and go shop on and stuff and I got my kilt on and there was a glass
Awesomely at a place that sells kilt. There's a glass stairway a glass spiral staircase
To get from one part of the fucking House of Brewer to the restaurant you have to go down that staircase I
I learned and there's fucking families down there. And I was like like
Fuck it went in Rome, baby. Like I fucking did it, but I learned something about about
And I learned this the hard way. I'm not circumcised and most people
And I miss both I am circumcised I'm circumcised and most I am circumcised most most Scotsmen are not
you want to not be circumcised wearing a fucking kilt because that wool is a scrubby I
Have a fucking abrasion on my cock right now from wearing that thing. It's a stop getting tortured under there
But the spore and my wiener just turns into like a nipple
Especially in that kind of cold it just recedes into me like an octopus cup
Use my dick to rob a skyscraper like a cat burglar
I could
If I had another one, I guess you need another deck your dick didn't get sort you dick didn't get rubbed in the thing
And then no, I'm telling you it recedes not there are growers and showers and then there's old
camera here
Matt and I both had the same experience where you have the spore and which holds your you know your keys and your phone and your
And you should have a hip flask in there. So it's always kind of just rubbing that holds your little tinkle down. Yeah
your little
Your big giant tinkle Jeff
It's like it kind of yeah, it kind of it applies a little bit of pressure to to your to your wiener like
Wait, what is this? Holds your holds your
On the big locket thing the big kind of man purse that holds you like yeah, it's an ancient Highlander fanny pack. Yeah
It's a great fucking thing. I know it's amazing. Yeah wallet and five that can I put my wallet and phone in here?
Or am I like haunting their ancestors by doing that?
I don't want to do something like gosh as like ambassador of my country, but yeah
Yeah, you put your phone on your wallet in there. Holy shit
You could cut a hole that put your tinkle at that
your little tinkle
The worst thing I've ever heard
Where else are you gonna put the tic-tac, you know what I mean like you got it
You got to put it what?
Do you guys in high school tuck under the waistband? Oh
My school when you had bonus. Yeah
Yeah, you have you have to talk like it's so sometimes I had to do that like what one well
They yeah, I really had to break a record order for it to have that kind of
Every guy there has a or are you talking about your own waistband? Yes
Yeah
It's a real name of the principal we should not we got a cut that
Now we're saying it
All right, Mike my high school
principal's name Leo Kamalich
Kamalich Kamalich
It's pretty funny. Did you ever get made fun of you you betcha
Schrab had a gym teacher named mr. Reamer
I we had a someone named miss Dickey who is dating our band teacher named mr. Titsworth
It's worth and miss Dickey
I didn't know and wrote that you know when your family name is Titsworth that's somewhere in the past your family like saved the king's life because
Otherwise you would be weeded out wait a minute. We're Titsworth's
We teach that's what we do
We do two things we save kings and we teach English a
Guy came to our high school
When I was like a senior and from the Princeton review to talk about preparing for the SATs
And his name was dick moorhead and we did sure a fucking we didn't hear a thing. He said for two hours
We were never heard anything. He's ever said
He gets to be president just because he's
Actually, it's Richard. I go by Richard. All right, whatever. He's right. It was Richard, but we connected those dots
Do we settle the roast beef thing?
You know what I don't like about it
Maybe I don't like if my food resembles an animal in any way
That's why I don't eat fish because it looks still like the animal. Is that what it is like you see the ball
He doesn't like the idea that there's a right or wrong way to eat roast beef
And I don't like social interaction at a buffet like I don't I don't I don't want when they ask you what?
People acting like professionals about ridiculous. I mean, these are guys that used to build dams
You know what I mean? Like these are the same people that would have got skyscrapers in the 30s, you know
Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I just don't I just don't like it. I get uncomfortable
When when when when I'm talking to somebody, okay? I am in a crisis mode like I if I have somebody
Come comes up to me after the show and don't do this. I'll give you scotch flu
but
So when someone comes up to me and says hello, my name is so-and-so. It's nice to meet you like I'm
Barely hearing like five percent of that well. Well, I'm just like
And that's the point of course when they're going my name is Jonathan or whatever so I'm never gonna remember
You're turning to Al Pacino
Cuz you got a point out what is it? Do you think it's because is it because you're you're you don't want to let them down?
No, I think it's because I'd like to retract that I'm not gonna get modeling about it
But I think my theory is that as a child when my brain was developing
I think that those were the moments of crisis. I mean the like for other people probably moments of isolation were moments of crisis
I have a lot of memories about being left places
And feeling a tremendous amount of relief
The mall I would say yeah, I love it
My I was like I was like hiding under a table at nurseries to daycare center at a bowling alley once and they didn't know
I was there so they kind of wrapped everything up. I didn't like the other kids
I was just I would just like find a cupboard and I just climb in it
And I would just sit there and I was I was not doing it to be melodramatic. I just I just like like too too much
Man with the people like like like girls would put crayons in your mouth and like like like what one girl did
Yeah, this is not a standard experience. I don't I should
You know, I don't want to be sexist. There was one girl put a crayon in my mouth
That sounds horrible. That's like such a violation. She's what she was trying to do like a lipstick thing
She probably liked you. She probably liked me, but but too much too much too much
and and and and and so like like I think that my brain while developing its circuitry
Identifies those moments. It's like, you know, it's just there's a lot of like there's a lot of like toll booths and things
And there's just a lot of shit to keep track of and it's just like like eye contact
For me is the
Mental equivalent of holding a microphone in front of a speaker like I when I look somebody in the eye
It's such a perfect one for Aaron to come to
Just how I wish he knew this
Does Wally look like a perfect sort of like a society to you Wally the movie. Yeah. Yeah, I like that. I'd like to be Wally
Do you feel it's because there's something expected of you I'm trying to like narrow in I think that all humans fear
Excommunication alienation. I think that I think that in those moments. It's make or break
I would I think that I think that if you're not good at sports and you're not like you're not gifted socially on the playground
I think I think
It's it's at those moments when people are talking to you when you're at the most danger of getting kicked out of
The monkey tree right of being exposed
We are actually likes going to parties like a certain point that it becomes more
Worry than like all right. I'm gonna party tonight
It was like, oh, I'm gonna see them or do what I think it's a line from Seinfeld once but I remember I've always felt
I assure you not your not what you said
But what George said was something like I've never been upset about a meeting being cancelled or something
Oh, yeah, I really feel that way. Yeah, there's no meeting that I wouldn't be happy if they have to move
And you know, I get to be put out. Oh, I'm halfway to Burbank. Okay. No, you know what? I totally get it
Yeah, they're the one to do it. Yeah
That is great, I like going to parties. I'm sorry
I feel like going
Well, he's like the Kumail was voted like sexiest
Sexiest
Slave mother-in-law
Which is worrying on a couple levels
I found like my Scottish girlfriend Kate was saying like like when you go to Scotland like like don't
Don't be so gregarious. Don't like don't like don't introduce yourself. Yeah, I kept embarrassing her like hello
I'm Jeff like they don't fucking do it. I apparently but nobody was bummed out by it
But she's like like they didn't do it there like like they don't they like like people don't just walk up and go
How do you do? Like they don't do that. So I kept getting teased for being
Like like chatty and gregarious but thing is like everybody was cool with it
But like that I thought like you would really like that down like it's a culture of people like they tend to be a little more
Leconic and like well, it's colder. You covered up, right? There's all these things you do to kind of keep yourself away from
I think like I've always been very like like good in a room and good in a crowd
But I think I also part of that. Hello. How do you do stuff?
I also forget names because during that five five minutes or that five seconds of meeting somebody
I'm not paying attention to somebody's name. I forget names all the fucking time
I did it in the in the green room just now like I'm terrible at it. Mitch
There's actually great I work on Cheers, right? Yeah, okay
Reading a thing about how there's a great way to remember people's names like you can remember anybody's name
You have to care
Yeah, see that
That's a bridge too far. I know it's a bridge too far. It's a tough. It's a tough. I do I could draw somebody afterwards
I remember I can remember everything they wore it could be two years later
I could remember I could tell you the conversation verbatim. I don't know your fucking name. Yeah, I think that's pretty common actually
I don't think that's so I'm gonna say I'm special but like I I'm good at like like chatting with people and being like
convivial and stuff like that, but I think I
I also and that's my way of keeping people like like the Heisman trophy kind of an arms length
You know, like I hold on to what's dear and we're gonna press people
Can you stop talking about sports, please? Yeah, it's my podcast
I'll go through a party invite and look at the guest list, you know where you can see who's replied yesterday
And I will go through and all the people that have replied. Yes, I will I will picture the conversation
I will be having with that person and if there's ever an awkward one. I'm like, I can't go to this
But I'll see you feel like I just went. Yeah
It saves gas it saves money also Netflix Q you don't have to watch. Yeah, you've read the descriptions
You never say goodbye at parties
That's and so my mission became for a full couple months to catch you trying to leave
Yeah, and I would I would like call you out. It's crazy that we have to say bye or
Because because if you said if you say goodbye to everyone at the party, that's called being at the party twice
That's what you do it when you get to the party
You go say hi to everybody
You're not leaving you'd have to go to each of them and say well, I'm not leaving
It's so I'm gonna go up to somebody like I am leaving so you might want to
I
Pick one person that I choose someone as emissary or ambassador like yeah, I'm leaving if anybody asks I fucking boned out like yeah
Maybe like somebody yeah, somebody's gonna see me dart out
But yeah, you ever as someone left out saying bye and you've gone like they didn't say bye to me
That was that's a polite way of saying I wonder if anybody ever said where's Jeff
Well this happened to me last week someone left but they were at my house and they were like only two people there
And I won't know what it is. I mean we just like did blank. Just leave
While we were hanging in
Chris McKenna on your writing staff it'll be four people and he'll just evaporate like it
He'll just fucking atomize the Irish goodbye to the to master yes
He has a black belt and fuck like just disappearing acts like but we were all we were mid conversation
He said he went to the he had to go to the bathroom. He's like good. You just hear like like a car like what? Yeah?
Like that's fucked up
If you're six foot six like he is and you can stand in front of a table and go good night everybody
I say do that one don't just fucking crawl under the carpet. He's like leave
Our writers assistant has a shotgun
Sound effect queued up on his computer literally anytime Mike sure goes anywhere else you hear he plays that sound effect
So we'll just be like
Work on that and then I'll go into his office
And it's funny
Oh, yeah, I think it's time to we should bring a Spencer. Shouldn't we? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, let's get Spencer
Hey
We were wondering you when we were in Scotland we were wondering if you would be a kilt type how you would take because you're such a
Short-skye and oh, yeah, I'm all about ventilation. Yeah
Did I ask you
Spencer could cotton to the whole thing I could see I could I could see you just putting on a kilt and then and then
Having an epiphany and going like pants are all about limitation of movement
He's wearing jeans tonight. Yeah, I've never seen that before so awkward. I guess those are pajama jeans, right?
That's what my dad wears. He's he is big into like designer jeans. He's like touch them. They're like pajamas
Can I tell you this? This is what happened to my dad
Last week in his house. He fell down. This is not a happy story. It's just a crazy story broke his arm
He's 58. He's young broke his arm between his shoulder and his elbow broke it
But it was a blizzard. So he's been sitting at home for four days. What with a broken arm and
It's like a fucking zombie movie. He's like, you know, I'm just sitting here eating a lot of Tylenol extras
And that's what he's been doing for like five days. Well, he can't get out to go to a doctor
Yeah, he can't get out to go to a doctor. Where'd he live? The Jersey? It's like a foot of snow outside
Yeah, he's just there with a fucked up arm. He's just like he gets up in the morning 127 hour situation. Yeah
Tomorrow you might not have an arm or a dad
It's joking. He's fine. He's doing great. Right. There's that there's that one scenario where he just chews off the rest of his body
Just leaves you
Where's dad?
Is most of that movie spent with James Franco in the hole or is most of it like flashbacks to how he ended up in the hole
Most is with the rock before he gets there
Dwayne The Rock Johnson
I thought you were saying it's the whole geological history of that rock
It's this thing of like 500,000 years of
Yeah, Morgan Freeman comes over the voiceover
When I was 10, I always wondered how rocks were
Franco parts of the blip on the radar of that rock
The clock I'm not I'm not I'm never gonna watch that movie. That's not that's why would you?
It's great, but it's a guy in isolation. Isn't that heaven Dan? No, and to be clear
I mean I've I've nobody's more lonely than me and nobody reacts for poorly in isolation than me
But as a kid I was just like, you know, I was very very relieved to get some time alone
I just didn't I just didn't want to walk away from that conversation
Without having clarified that
But then Dan like so like how does being an like on stage with a microphone in front of a group of people?
Because that's how does that compare is that heaven or hell or both or like well
It's it's heaven because I get to get to talk to people
But I've got I got personal space around me and no one's like with the exception of Adam Goldberg talking back
No, I like that the pit, you know, so when our crowd here sometimes people come come up and whatever it's it's it's
It's it's more it feels more honest to me because I feel like when you meet someone on a street corner
There's this performance element to it that that feels dishonest because you're on a street corner
But that's well, but that's all about being authentic. I mean, that's what you end up trying to struggle with I do
You know, I thought I was thinking am I being full of shit here?
I might you know my am I trying to be am I trying to be likable much? I get very self-conscious about that
And you can get past that almost like you do on stage really which is just kind of making it about them
Yeah, but I don't I mean well up
I guess that's where the bad habit comes in because up here
I'm allowed to make it all about me and what I need to do is try to form if I'm serious about wanting to change
I try to form new synapses in my brain where I care about the other people where I'm like listening and like
You know when you were traveling like for me heaven is being in a new city a new country and meeting like and learning that
Like like learning new things about different cultures, but you find out everybody's the same
But like people are people and wherever you go and that's like the most rewarding thing in the world
So I have heaven for me is a stranger at a bar like the most interesting person is always the stranger sitting next to you for me
That's my heaven, but that's totally opposite of you. Probably Dan like a like you're you're way more insular when you when you travel
yeah, and
You also said you don't like traveling to countries where they don't speak English that that's that's that's hard on you, right?
Yeah, I mean you just feel inadequate, right? I feel inadequate. I feel like I'm so sorry
I don't speak your language. I feel like I should apologize for it all the time
Yeah, I can barely understand the Scottish and the Irish and that's all I can do to try to keep up
I can't I can't I can't understand half of you guys
I'm all I'm all I did you pointed me when you said
I'm always in America. I'm constantly going what what what what I don't know if I'm hard of hearing or I think it's more like
I'm so fucking overwhelmed when someone's talking to me that I I
Can't I got a I got a buffer it and like digest it or something
So yeah, I fucking Paris was a goddamn beyond a nightmare
It was just I just had to switch off and just be like soon. We'll be out of Paris
I don't I was just I just I don't know what to do
I I don't want to be the guy that refuses to try to speak French
So I'll try to speak French and order fucking up. I guess I ordered the boot
I'll eat the boot. I'm eating the boot mayor see mayor see
Why is the boot on the menu?
Just there for a test at a restaurant
Are we eating at a shoe store? They have a menu
So they call it Zara here too
Stupid that's been sir. There's a guy in a corner cutting up a boot. What part of the boot do you want?
To nightmares
I mean I talk about a nightmare shoe shopping when the people are get all hands on about it like oh
Steve do you travel do you like to like go abroad? Yeah, I haven't traveled in a while
I think the last place I went was Halifax
I'd love to know which was beautiful my dad my dad or dad said he loved it. Will you shoot working there?
No, I was just
Hang it out. You just fucked up with a friend to a cab in in the middle of nowhere with no electricity or running water
We got water from a well and you know swam in a lake and kayak then it was amazing
I think this conforms with how people think of you
Yeah
I was
Don't realize that Josh Josh hang out there on your own all the time. Yeah, I go do mushrooms out there
Oh on your own, right? I'm not on my own
I did acid at Joshua tree and I was sitting on a rock
those big round rocks and
I don't like snakes like when I'm not on acid and
But on acid
I was sitting on a rock and I didn't I did like a tiny but I wasn't really really really tripping
But I was I was I was on acid. I was high and I heard just like the bugs are going
Looking at a rock. It was like a face. I went there sober the next day. It still looked like a face by the way
You didn't have to be on acid to see a face in this rock
But I was just sitting there like
My friend Mark Rivers comes up with a big like heavy-duty like the flashlight was giant like lantern ones
Yeah, hey, man, you're bobbin me out with your lights man. The moon is bright enough Jack, you know fucking
Listen to the bugs man. He's like Jeff. Don't move. It's a rattlesnake. Nick. The buzzing was a fucking rattlesnake
He was sitting right next to you good
I'd been there for an hour listening to that and I look at me like hey, buddy
The next day I was not on acid and I was looking over both shoulders my jeans tucked into my shoes like it was fucking
I think the snakes and Joshua tree are probably used
But if you're gonna do a listen to Jen's Joshua trees in place place
I did it Madison Square Garden last week and it was great for what acid fish. Yeah, you wait
You didn't ask it acid at a fish fish is still a bent
Don't don't Paris. This is like his fucking thing, dude
Yeah, yeah, I did almost get into my first fight at a fish show ever out of like 90 shows
We're like what would a fish fight me about it's like a big
It's hacky what this fight was about but there was a guy who was on ketamine special K
When you're on K, you're like base position is like leaning back and you're bumping into everyone and I kind of you
It's just known that you kind of push gently push him off you when he goes and bumps in the next person
Yeah, that's no that's his night, but I just I gently pushed him and I feel these two arms wrap around me
He's thick arms. He's like don't fucking push him. That's my son
Ketamine guys dad Papa K
Papa K and he he wouldn't let go and he was like he's just drunk. I was like he hasn't been drinking all night
He's on ketamine. I know what that is. He's done a terrible job
And he said if I let go don't fucking push him
I said let go me right now let go me and he's not letting go my friend who weighs probably 300 pounds
It's very large man finally sees this happening. He's on acid too, and he just bowls both of us over
Charges at us he takes you down, too. He yeah, he was like he's tripping. I was like I appreciate just
Fucking breaking up the whole situation. He aimed for him, but I got a little baby with the bath water
Yeah, and then
The guy he my friend standing between us as this guy and I'm on acid and and it's very scary when this is being yelled at
You he's like you don't know the rage of a father. I
Got took I got took
What do you think was he on anything he must have been on something that's that's very
I don't know what I saw and this kid does some K and then they go to fish together
But for the rest of the night he was holding his son up from his belt hoop this kid was like 23 or something
So it's a very weird dynamic. That's fucking weird. Have you really been to 90 fish concerts? Yeah, roughly. Yeah
Do you like follow them around like is it like you go on tours with them? I honestly I know nothing about fish
I have a podcast you should come on. I'll try to get you to like them. All right
Is it about fish? Yeah, it's called analyze fish. I try to get Scott off
I like that
I want to I want to take that the Harris Wittles fish challenge. Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love that
Most likely Bob you having to do drugs and go to a fish show fucking that is what Scott didn't deal
I mean like yeah, it sounds great. I mean the old joke about Grateful Dead is what a Grateful Dead fans say when the drugs were off
What the fuck are we listening to? I think Grateful Dead is horrible
I don't say yeah fish. I don't know fish. All I know about fish is that any girl I ever dated that a fish bumper sticker was a bummer
She might have been a born again Christian, you know
Connected those dots I feel like that you wrote that weeks ago. We're hoping that was amazing
I have only met you twice on the show and I've come to hate you for how fucking funny you are
Well, have you seen the rest of development? You should have hated him years ago
I just assumed that was a factory of geniuses. It turns out it's just one lunatic who's charming and funny as hell
Like yeah, he's just like you have one liner. It's just like you're like what do you know? I'm not gonna make funnier for that
So
How do we how do we play Dungeons & Dragons Spencer? Can you make all six of us play can we do some some some some some NPCs up here?
Yeah, I'll let you guys play. No, no, no everybody's drop acid and we'll just go ahead and play
It's gonna get real
Spencer is that possible to throw the whole gang in it? Yeah, I mean everything's possible with imagination. Fuck yeah
All right, I was in love with Mitch, but you got you got supplanted by Spencer
What supplanted what does that mean? I mean, it's something you get from supplantation
That's why it's funny Jesus who said it. Well, he jumped on the supplantation. Yeah, the supplantation was great
That's what he said
I didn't like it the first time
Spencer break it down for us. Wait, okay
You don't know the rage of a dungeon master
Happy new year
Last year on Harmontown
Our heroes were near the end of their quest after an all-out
Maybe more like a half-assed assault on Admiral Darkstar. They murdered him
Intentionally activating a massive golem down but not out sharpie became a gas and entered the golems
Working with the gang attacking the metal monster from both the outside and in and with some timely help from a venture
The Hawk they eventually managed to decapitate and deactivate the arcane machine
But Christopher took turn for the worst vomiting on and grabbing a strange glowing stone from inside the golem as well as
Onto doors and such
Together Chris and more a knock the golem all down and then Christopher began to vomit some more
After realizing their exit was blocked by lava Sharpie left from the window of a several hundred foot tall spire
Protected with the feather fall, but leaving his allies high and dry
Luckily the savvy rogue acted quickly lassoing Sharpie with his rope and reeling him in so the party could escape together
But as the realization of their valiant deeds began to settle over our heroes
Christopher broke the strange tension by strangely and without provocation
Drying his dagger and deep boning his own crotch
Sending the dismembered member onto the snowy cold ground
As blood poured out into the snow the phallus suffered from high-speed shrinkage
But why and what now and Christopher you lose two charisma points
Wait, I don't want to
Can we not have fucking Duncan trustal
I
So my dick is gone and I've lost two charisma
Yeah, until such time as it can be reattached and restored it's laying in the snow, but you cut your dick off
You lose two charisma points
It's a house roll. It's been working so far
It comes up a lot more than you might expect
Of a vibe a vibe gets put out, you know when you don't have a very charismatic dick
Yeah, I got shit at least I can wear a kilt without fear of I was thinking
Someone could be more rain and then someone could be Avenger and then I'd only have like one other person to really worry about
Yeah, I mean is that fine with everybody here
But I don't have Harris be a mole Rainer. Yeah, yeah, Mitch your Avenger again
Yeah, then I'll all work Steve a G and then okay, that's your steve will do it. He's played this
I've never played this. It's cool. Every every one's cool man. Yeah
This is this goes down to Jeff nobody wants any trouble this goes down to come out
Thank you, how many dicks do I have in this? Oh
Okay, oh
Can already come out received special notes. Sorry. I'm sorry. I was I was doing a thing
so yeah, so you guys
This is a big moment for you knocked over the golem you you got out of this tower
You think you killed the guy you got a glowing stone as dicks chopped off is
Emotions are running high. What's going on? I
Got heartburn
We did it we did it. I mean at we I guess I guess we
Accomplished our mission you guys it. I don't know why I have such an empty feeling and in me right now
It's you see Christopher. He's starting to get worse as eyes. They're garling wide and grazed. They're kind of
Yeah, maybe rolling around a bit. Yeah
Just a bit perfect. It also says here. I can spend my head all the way around. I mean sure watch this
What if I fucking did that?
It's a podcast you can does anybody have any healing abilities or anything that I don't I feel super weird guys
I have wild empathy. I can feel that for you. Yeah
Yeah, do you see how horrible and weird I feel? Yeah, I'm sorry about that
We should I be his chopped off dick
It's the role you were born to play I mean sure
Joke right
I vomit acid on
Well, not my own chopped off dick
But I vomit acid on Mulraine
But there was a little clue just now when he said that's a joke right was it? I mean if Steve Agee wants to be his dick
I mean that's his prerogative. I've always wanted that
It's just not much of a speaking role, but but you do have two points of credit. Yeah, yeah, I've got two charisma
It's a Steve it's it's kind of a small part. All right, we'll find another we'll find something
Low hanging fruit. Oh
Was that a play on words if you like should we cauterize or
Oh, he just vomited acid on Mulraine. I just vomited acid on Mulraine and said fuck you it burns
It burns the flesh. Is this in accordance with special instructions you've been given because you're you're acting weird
You're that's pretty meta gaming. All right. Okay guys. I'm sorry. I did that. I didn't mean to oh
I feel weird and almost as if I don't feel like myself
And upon those words you see you hear the clank of plate mail and you spy the golden armor of a
Warrior figure perhaps some sort of cleric of Pallore upon closer inspection. It's your old old compatriots
Morris gold bright
Morris hey, how's it going?
Wait, I've been hiding. I
Shoot laser beam eyes Adam
You shoot laser beam eyes everybody looks as laser beams fire from your eyes
The hell we strike Morris gold bright
But uh, he doesn't seem affected for whatever reason sorry about that
I draw my sword and hold it up to Chris de Burgh and say what's what's the deal Jack?
Hey, hey, I'm cool. I don't know what's going on. That's not you vomited ass dude
I don't control it. I can't control it. Keep it. I mean look look look at me
No, you have laser beam eyes. No, trust me. I don't look at him. I
Shoot the side of his face
See it burns it burns the flesh. Well, no, it doesn't sorry you miss. Yeah, see I could have hit you
Well, you know you you trying to know you just shitty at it. I crossed my eyes so it went around here
I'm not gonna wait for you to get good at burning me with your eyes. No, I'm like I ain't giant. I'm fighting it
Can I use my when I get a turn? I want to use my armlet of spring which can shoot thorny vines 20 feet
To protect her and snare enemies. I'm gonna obviously opting to ensnare this
frenemy
You ensnare the frenemy and you see a small thing fall out of his hand as he gets grasped
By the vines the grasping vines. I I toss a I toss a crayon into his mouth
It hits
So now he's tied up drop the thing what is that thing I venture Avenger go get that thing. Well, I said it's a little thing
He didn't say that
So vendor gets no Avenger. Oh, it's me. Oh, yeah. Oh, well, I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna put it in my beak
That's for sure. I don't think it's a dick. Is there's no he dropped something from his hand something from his hand. Yeah
This is a game. This is this we were playing a game
Sorry, that's meta gaming. I'm still beat behind understanding. So I I'm gonna pick it up. Yeah, no
I'm gonna pick it up and
I'm going to
Bring it back to you. Yeah
Wow the bar is no
You you see it's in the Avengers clutches. It's a small
It's that purple glowing stone that you saw in the golem as you as you as you look at it
It seems to pull slightly and then it shatters and upon shattering. Oh, I start reading a thing
Purple, are you going to propose to somebody?
Why don't don't touch my thigh, okay as it shatters purple energy swirls around you before
Exploding outwards in an intense burst you're shaken and feel sick as if your very soul was attacked
You feel exhausted instantly as if you haven't slept for days and then a rumbling overtakes all other sounds as you see the black keep
Crumbling into itself collapsing and imploding before falling
Disappearing entirely into a pit below the surface really nice picking that thing up
Really sorry guys
That sounds good, but the black keep has destroyed itself. It seems that way. Do I feel more like myself you feel kind of?
Stronger I toss the vines aside
That happens you burst forth from the vines. Did you guys see what I just did?
You're on fucking friend probation right now man, okay, I got it. I'm sorry. I don't I don't mean to all right really
Okay, okay, so so the stone fell out of Christopher's hand adventure. Got it. It broke the black keep
Just dissolved and crumbled and went away. Yeah, I'm sorry to keep track of I know I
Look at everybody and say well gentlemen and ladies. We did it
I guess this is the end of the adventure
Seems like we
You know, I
Maybe there's some moment where we say hey that all worked out except Chris lost his dick and then we all laugh
All right, I I just in a moment of whimsy go and pick up the severed penis go in just just because I
I'm going to I grab Mulraine's
Craft kit and I just try to crudely so
That got the Christopher's dick back on are you gonna stand for that?
Me or she probably said hurt you can use my my threads
Oh
Well, I it hurts. Yeah, it would right? Oh getting while he's doing there. I gently whisper while you're down there
And I go
What?
And then I shoot the back of his head with my laser you don't have laser power anymore
He definitely does
And I do the back of his head that that one hits what the fuck he's still evil. I'm trying to sew your dick on
I'm so sorry. You take nine damages a laser beams into your head damn it. What the fuck you feel all messed up
I know as the old saying goes don't
Don't try to reattach the dick to a guy who is possessed
They do see that around here I
Stop I take his dick back
And I throw it into the oh, I throw it into the abyss where the duck keep crumbled into
You you you know it dicks around with the wrong guy
All right, does he really throw it into the abyss what do you want to try and stop him?
Yeah, I try and stop him. I like where you guys is dexterity's fucking hi, baby
14 14 is plus 2 plus 2 mine is a 18 plus 2 bitch
Okay, yeah, he throws it in the pit
Try as you might you try to grab it out of his hand or maybe slap it out of his hand
But he throws it into the heart of the pit itself
Fuck duck intrusive. So so can I
I just throw up on myself
Somebody in the crowd you yelled you can regenerate it. Is that true?
Who
Hey, I don't know why you're all freaking out
I'll tell you why I'm freaking out. He shot lasers in the back of my head when I was trying to put it back on
We got to restrain this guy's yeah
Okay, I look at Sharpie and I go Sharpie. You're right put the vines around me again
I'm not I'm a danger to myself and everyone around me
You already got out of those
Yeah, I have a thing called a feat called still spell. Yeah, so I should yeah still spell
That means you don't have to move to cast a spell
Yeah, it's yeah, I was yeah, I should mention I switched your guys as character sheets over a pathfinder
Yeah, thank you. So
Everyone's is all revamped
I didn't try so hard with Jeff's because I thought you'd want to customize it yourself
All right, so I haven't had a chance, but I love that I gave some I gave some options
But it's all up for grabs everyone's playing pathfinder, so I'm not a dungeon master anymore. I'm a game master
Maybe I should use reduced person on him. I mean at least that'll reduce his person
I get it already been reduced think I'll make your sever dick would look now
Maybe I'll try unless it's too late
We'll try charm person on him. Yeah, see if that overpowers the possession he
He seems pretty friendly
It's working. Hey, what's up?
I
Go up and I
Gravel him like an angry dad at a fish concert
And I say like what's it gonna be man with the rage of a father you clutching
What is it gonna be Jack
So I use my fucking super strength and just toss him into the abyss
What the duck and trust and I say there's something down there for you
Using your supernatural strength you hug the gnome into the pit
I
Am so sorry
Somebody grab me I reach out and grab his foot
Where you would I would if you didn't I
Mean that's not accurate. That's not doesn't make any sense. It doesn't happen
I just oh he didn't it didn't work. No. Yeah, wait. No, but he's going in the abyss. Oh, yeah
Yeah, he's going sailing into this shit
I'll suck your dick in hell
That's a cliffhanger right
No, I'm gonna save Jeff first. Okay
How are you gonna manage that by men and by
I
You're gonna make the utterance. I'm gonna I'm gonna now dig this buddy
Shit, where's that rod that I had that had the button on top of it. I'll tell you where my rod is
But that's that bunstaff got melted in the law for Christ because
Because because if you recall you had to save quark after he was raping the robo spider. I
Know that your subtle implication is that everything that's happening to us we deserve
But it's it's not easy to play Dungeons & Dragons, it's like it's like, you know, you make weird decisions
I
I I'm thinking I'll use my teleport cape. Is it what's the situation? He's he's
The abyss is like a is it like a portal or is it like a hole in the ground like the ice like broke and fell through
And he's tumbling down it. Yeah, I guess I got it
I got well, how many feather falls can I cast you pretty much out of feather falls that you used
The last I mean you got one left
But you used everything almost of your level one spells already
But I got a full charge of my teleport cape. Yeah. Yeah, so I teleport into the mid air aside my friend
And grab ahold of him and feather fall that happens you grab them and
Yeah, it's 10 o'clock to give us a good line and maybe Avenger might do some Robin Williams a
Button button on this. Maybe you should turn to Avenger
Then I think we need a good dick jump to get us out. Yeah, maybe maybe ever since be ready Avenger
Going down
Yeah
I didn't sell it
I didn't want to I don't
So so he's got a hold of me at midair. Yeah. Yeah, thank you. Are we now falling together into the slowly though feather style? Can you read my mind?
Do your little lowest late voice over ask ask a lot of rhetorical questions about you've got me. Who's got you?
Thank you everybody happy 2014
Thank you Spencer Crittenden Kumail Nanjiani Steve Agee Harris Wittels Mitch Hurwitz
I'm Jeff Davis
What time for the mayor of Harmontown Dan Harmon
Sorry, I'm sick. I'll be better next week
Yeah, those guys are great
I'm not gonna be able to do the pictures of the signing stuff
That's it. I just I feel like shit